[Autogenerated] Welcome to this module on preparing data
to train Emel models in this module.
We're going to log in to AWS sage Maker,
start a notebook instance, and train a model right from scratch.
They're going to use extra boost algorithm to predict if a customer
will open a term deposit or not using bank marketing.
Campaign dataset.
This is the same dataset that I used in my other course on
developing models using Microsoft Azure AWS Sage maker has
published plenty off working examples and error,
going to leverage one off the examples provided by
them as a foundation on dive Deeper.
Then we're going to download the banking data from the source and
check the data before and after processing.
And finally, we will upload the data to S3 buckets on.
Keep it ready for the training process.
Let's take a quick look at some off the features offered by Sage Maker Notebook.
It leverages ably a single sign on for authentication purposes,
which makes it easy to use your organization credentials.
You can start your notebook instantiate without having to
launch additional computing resources,
and at the same time it also gives you the flexibility
to scale up Azure modeling process.
Increases in complexity on this makes it a highly cost effective option.
Sage maker performs periodic checks on automatically installs
latest updates to colonel security patches.
AWS is Dicky updates on sage maker python S3 Key updates The notebook
instantiate can also be associate ID with external get repositories that lets
you collaborate with others on increased productivity.
I just logged into Amazon Sage Maker under a dash book.
Click on notebook Instances.
Sage Maker helps us create a managed notebook.
Instance.
I would like to place a heavy emphasis on the word managed,
and we'll see shortly.
What does it mean?
Click on create notebook instantiate.
Give you a notebook.
Instantiate error Name.
Click on Notebook Instant SSHD type.
This is a size and family off your easy to instantiate
where the training is going to take place.
The instance Type Format has plenty of details.
Package in its name.
There are four different,
easy to instantiate families that error perfect with letter T MM see,
and these for tiny.
This is the smallest possible easy to instantiate that's available.
MM is for medium C is for compute optimized and is for accelerated
computer Next to the family size is a version number higher the number
later the version is and error optimized for cost.
There are multiple size options starting from medium large,
extra large all the way up to 18 extra large.
I'm going to choose the 3D medium.
This can always be changed after launching your notebook.
Instantiate XAML Next one is elastic inference.
Elastic inference on GPU acceleration to any easy to instance,
and it boosts the performance significantly in a cost effective way.
Lifecycle conflict is typically a bash script that you would like
to run any time you create our started notebook.
Instance.
Sage maker such as that this conflict should not exceed more
than 15 minutes as there is an explicit time out period that's
enforced by sage maker volume.
Size tells a doubly is how big off EBS you need for the training process,
and it starts with five gig as default.
This is dictated by size off your data,
and you need to keep a little buffer to include any processing code that you may
use because all these will be persisted in this data store.
Under permissions on encryption,
you can either select or create a new I am room to
access the search maker on S3 buckets.
You have the option to choose any specific S3 buckets.
Are all the buckets enable our disabled users root access to the notebook?
You can turn on the encryption sitting.
If you are working with a highly sensitive data under network settings,
you can select an optional VPC.
You also have an option to choose a git repository to push
your code directly to so that it can be shared with other
users easily add an optional tack.
I'm going to add attack with environment as name on development as value.
Click on Create Notebook.
Instance.
Current status is in pending state on this may take a while
before the status changes to in service.
Once the state has changes, you can open the Jupyter notebook.
There are currently no files,
but you can see a tab called Sage Maker examples where sage
maker has bundled more than 200 examples covering many sage
maker built in algorithms on.
We did see quite a few of them in the last couple of models under Kanda.
It lists all the environments on the packages that were installed on them.
Switch to file step and click new and from the drop-down,
select the terminal option.
In a typical development environment,
you will have an option to SSH to the server where
you will be running your code.
In sage maker.
The terminal option gives you the equivalent.
Most of the required libraries are already pre in stone and error ready to go,
which makes it even more convenient for you.
The bucket that you will create as part of your notebook
will be mapped under Sage Maker directory.
You can see a notebook instantiate being stored there under sample load books.
You can see all the example load books provided by the sage maker.
I'm going to switch to easy to console to check a couple of
things as part off launching notebook.
Instance were it launch 83 medium instance on an E.
B s are fighting, but under running instances,
it still say's zero and it shows I don't have any running instance.
Similarly, if I look under EBS,
it says that I don't have any obvious volume in this region.
This is because the notebook instantiate is a managed
instantiate as a highlighted before on sage maker
internally manages both the easy to and Bs,
and we don't have explicit access to SSH!
To these instance.
As we saw before,
Sage Maker provides a nice terminal feature that lets you access the storage volume.